README.md, before:

# Wobb Influencer Portal

Welcome to the Wobb Influencer Portal responsive web redesign project. This project aims to transform the existing Wobb mobile application into a responsive web application using React.js, ensuring a seamless experience across desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.

## Project Overview

Wobb is an influencer marketing platform connecting influencers with brands for collaboration opportunities. The platform enables influencers to:

- Browse and apply to campaigns that suit their niche.
- Collaborate with brands.
- Receive rewards through various payout types like barter, refunds, and fixed pay.

The objective of this project is to redesign the Wobb app's homepage for the web, focusing on a visually appealing, organized, and user-friendly interface that adapts seamlessly to various screen sizes.

## Features

- **Responsive Design:** Ensures optimal viewing and interaction across a wide range of devices.
- **Campaign Cards:** Displays essential details for each campaign, including brand name, payout details, hiring progress, visuals, and descriptions.
- **Search and Filter:** Allows influencers to search and filter campaigns based on categories, payout types, or popularity.
- **Navigation Menu:** Provides easy access to other sections like 'Wobble', 'Messages', and 'Profile'.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (version 20 or higher)

## Design Choices

### Color Scheme

- Primary Color: 0095ff (Blue) - Highlights actionable elements like buttons and links.
- Secondary Color: #FFFFFF (White) - Ensures a clean and minimalist look.
- Accent Color: #d7e6f9 (Light Blue) - Used for muted elements such as background highlights, info boxes, or inactive states to ensure a soft, visually appealing contrast.

### Typography

**Primary Font:** 'Roboto', sans-serif - Chosen for its readability and modern appearance.

**Font Sizes:**  
Headings: 30px  
Subheadings: 18px  
Body Text: 16px

### Spacing and Layout

**Grid System:** Utilizes CSS Grid and Flexbox for responsive layouts.  
**Margins and Padding:** Consistent spacing of 16px for uniformity.  
**Card Design:** Campaign cards have subtle shadows and rounded corners to enhance visual appeal.

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Lohit-Behera/wobb-assignment.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd wobb-assignment
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
```

Commit message:

Add screenshots and video demonstration link to README

README.md, after:

# Wobb Influencer Portal

Welcome to the Wobb Influencer Portal responsive web redesign project. This project aims to transform the existing Wobb mobile application into a responsive web application using React.js, ensuring a seamless experience across desktop, tablet, and mobile devices.

## Project Overview

Wobb is an influencer marketing platform connecting influencers with brands for collaboration opportunities. The platform enables influencers to:

- Browse and apply to campaigns that suit their niche.
- Collaborate with brands.
- Receive rewards through various payout types like barter, refunds, and fixed pay.

The objective of this project is to redesign the Wobb app's homepage for the web, focusing on a visually appealing, organized, and user-friendly interface that adapts seamlessly to various screen sizes.

## Features

- **Responsive Design:** Ensures optimal viewing and interaction across a wide range of devices.
- **Campaign Cards:** Displays essential details for each campaign, including brand name, payout details, hiring progress, visuals, and descriptions.
- **Search and Filter:** Allows influencers to search and filter campaigns based on categories, payout types, or popularity.
- **Navigation Menu:** Provides easy access to other sections like 'Wobble', 'Messages', and 'Profile'.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (version 20 or higher)

## Design Choices

### Color Scheme

- Primary Color: 0095ff (Blue) - Highlights actionable elements like buttons and links.
- Secondary Color: #FFFFFF (White) - Ensures a clean and minimalist look.
- Accent Color: #d7e6f9 (Light Blue) - Used for muted elements such as background highlights, info boxes, or inactive states to ensure a soft, visually appealing contrast.

### Typography

**Primary Font:** 'Roboto', sans-serif - Chosen for its readability and modern appearance.

**Font Sizes:**  
Headings: 30px  
Subheadings: 18px  
Body Text: 16px

### Spacing and Layout

**Grid System:** Utilizes CSS Grid and Flexbox for responsive layouts.  
**Margins and Padding:** Consistent spacing of 16px for uniformity.  
**Card Design:** Campaign cards have subtle shadows and rounded corners to enhance visual appeal.

## Screenshots

If you would like to watch a video demonstration of this project, here is the [Google Drive link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hzSOWP-IH0lEuCV8hHqQYXMOdo3Fsu9z?usp=drive_link).

![App Screenshot](https://drive.usercontent.google.com/download?id=1c8c-1LvBvHwrjvyV4ePlW7ynAaufpmrL)

![App Screenshot](https://drive.usercontent.google.com/download?id=1S7OC9hPki-TsJdXWZvxuOIlgkwtsdWl8)

![App Screenshot](https://drive.usercontent.google.com/download?id=1NcPxdx8ahqY5anw8Nt9S-bIsTKDHrGzP)

![App Screenshot](https://drive.usercontent.google.com/download?id=1t8TOsdLSgryCD9g2GDSeay92Q5Z__wGc)

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/Lohit-Behera/wobb-assignment.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd wobb-assignment
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
```
